CAREGIVER UNRESPONSIVE:

Hello CAREGIVER,
Unfortunately, we were unable to connect with you on TICKETNUMBER, after several attempts to reach you.  At this time, we will be closing out this ticket; however, if you are still in need of assistance, please let us know within the context of the incident/request, or contact AskIT @ 555-555-5555 at any time.  
Thank you for all that you do!

Please contact AskIT if you are still in need of help so we can better troubleshoot this issue: 555-555-5555. You can also use the "Contact IS" link in ServiceNow to schedule a time for us to call you back when it's most convenient, or work with us via the Chat link. Please ensure you reference your incident ticket number TICKETNUMBER.
ServiceNow Self Service icon can be found in your Azure page (myapps.microsoft.com).
AskIT is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.


EMAIL:

Hello CAREGIVER,

My name is MYNAME. I am with the Virtual Tiered Support Team and am assigned to your ticket, TICKETNUMBER.
 
To resolve this issue, I will need to work with you remotely while you are at the device in question.

Please let me know when a good time to contact you would be (email, MS Teams, or phone call). I am in the office MYHOURS. 
If you would like to call me regarding this ticket, I can be reached at MYPHONE. Please note, new problems/issues need to be reported through the ServiceDesk first. They can be contacted via one of the methods located at https://google.com

Thank you so much for all you do.

MYNAME
 
Note: If we do not hear from you after 2 contact attempts, we will have to close the ticket. If the issue continues from there, you will need to contact AskIT at 555-555-5555 for further assistance.


SERVICE-NOW:

Hello CAREGIVER,

I would be more than happy to assist with this issue. Let me know when we can connect to resolve.
Feel free to contact me via Teams or call me direct at MYPHONE.

Thank you,
MYNAME
Note: If we do not hear from you after 2 contact attempts, we will have to close the ticket. If issue continues from there, you will need to contact AskIT at 555-555-5555 for further assistance.


TEAMS:

Hello! I am following up on ticket TICKETNUMBER regarding ISSUE.  Are you still having issues with this?  Let me know when you are available for troubleshooting.

